Move from BGB to Emulicious as suggested emulator (#45)
gbdev/gb-asm-tutorial: src/part1/setup.md

  For more info, read [this article on Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/?post_type=post&p=44524) (especially the <q>An emulator for every game</q> section at the top of page 2).
  You can compare GB emulator accuracy on [Daid's GB-emulator-shootout](https://daid.github.io/GBEmulatorShootout/).

The emulator I will be using for this tutorial is [Emulicious](https://emulicious.net/).
Users on all OSes can install the Java runtime to be able to run it.

> Other debugging emulators are possible (such as BGB on Windows/Wine, and SameBoy on macOS), but I will be giving directives for and including screenshots of Emulicious.

Reviewer: We could add a remark here saying that in theory other debuggers should be similar.

> Other debugging emulators are possible (such as BGB on Windows/Wine, and SameBoy on macOS), but I will be giving directives for and including screenshots of Emulicious.

Reviewer: It feels like a repetition to say we will be including screenshots of Emulicious when we already announced we are going to use it

> Other debugging emulators are possible (such as BGB on Windows/Wine, SameBoy on macOS, and Mesen 2 on all OSes), and should have some similar capabilities, but through different menu options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other debugging emulators are available, such as [Mesen2](https://www.mesen.ca/), [BGB](https://bgb.bircd.org) (Windows/Wine only), [SameBoy](https://sameboy.github.io) (graphical interface on macOS only); they should have similar capabilities, but accessed through different menu options.
```
